Change layout from admin setting of CMS, Categories, Product pages (#4628)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/xml-instructions.md

To change the page wireframe, modify the [page layout]({{page.baseurl}}/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/layout-types.html#layout-types-page) files; all other customizations are performed in the [page configuration]({{page.baseurl}}/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/layout-types.html#layout-types-conf) or [generic layout]({{page.baseurl}}/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/layout-types.html#layout-types-gen) files. 

## Change layout using admin configuration of below pages

* CMS pages
* Categories
* Products

> Above admin settings, under design tab you can change the layout of CMS Page, Categories Pages and Products Pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Above admin settings, under design tab you can change the layout of CMS Page, Category Page and Product Page.
```
